Add OAuth Sample Project (#1)
okta/samples-java-micronaut: okta-hosted-login/README.md

# Okta-Hosted Login Page Example

> This example shows you how to implement Authorization Code flow using [Micronaut][Micronaut Framework] to login a user. The login is achieved through the [Authorization Code Flow][] where the user is redirected to the Okta-Hosted login page. After the user authenticates successfully, they are redirected back to the application, and a local cookie session is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to implement Authorization Code flow using [Micronaut][Micronaut Framework] to log in a user. The login is achieved through the [Authorization Code Flow][] where the user is redirected to the Okta-Hosted login page. After the user authenticates successfully, they are redirected back to the application, and a local session is created.
```

## Prerequisites

Before running this sample, you will need the following:

* An Okta Developer Account, you can sign up for one at https://developer.okta.com/signup/.
* An Okta Application, configured for Web mode. This is done from the Okta Developer Console, and you can find instructions [here][OIDC Web Application Setup Instructions].

> * In the above application, configure `http://localhost:8080/oauth/callback/okta` as `Login redirect URI` and

Reviewer: I think this needs to be `/oauth2`, not just `/oauth`. At least that's what I used in [my JHipster + Micronaut blog post](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2020/08/17/micronaut-jhipster-heroku). Then again, Micronaut's [docs](https://guides.micronaut.io/micronaut-oauth2-okta/guide/index.html) have what you have.

Author: yeah, I was sticking to Micronaut doc.

  configure `http://localhost:8080/logout` as `Logout redirect URI`. 
* The source code from this repository:
  
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/okta/samples-java-micronaut.git
  cd samples-java-micronaut
  ```

## Running This Example

You need to gather the following information from the Okta Developer Console:

- **Client ID** and **Client Secret** - These can be found on the "General" tab of the Web application that you created earlier in the Okta Developer Console.

> - **Issuer** - This is the URL of the authorization server that will perform authentication.  All Developer Accounts have a "default" authorization server.  The issuer is a combination of your Org URL (found in the upper right of the console home page) and `/oauth2/default`. For example, `https://dev-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default`.

Reviewer: Since developer orgs are created in production, I think you should use `okta.com` instead of `oktapreview.com`.

Author: changed.

> Plug these values into the `mvn` commands used to start the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set these values as environment variables. Then, use the `mvn` command to start the application.
```

```bash
export OKTA_OAUTH2_ISSUER=https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default # e.g. https://dev-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default
export OKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENTID={clientId}
export OKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENTSECRET={clientSecret}

> 

Reviewer: These look like Spring Boot Starter key names. If you look at [Micronaut's Okta guide](https://guides.micronaut.io/micronaut-oauth2-okta/guide/index.html), they have:

```
export OAUTH_CLIENT_ID=XXXXXXXXXX
export OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET=YYYYYYYYYY
export OIDC_ISSUER_DOMAIN=https://dev-XXXXX.oktapreview.com
export OIDC_ISSUER_AUTHSERVERID=default
```

Also, we should include instructions for Windows (use `SET` instead of `export`) or recommend WSL.

Author: done

cd okta-hosted-login
mvn clean mn:run
```

(or)

```bash
cd okta-hosted-login
mvn -DOKTA_OAUTH2_ISSUER=https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default \
    -DOKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENTID={clientId} \
    -DOKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENTSECRET={clientSecret} clean mn:run

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above. I think we need new key names. Also, it's a Maven best practice to never run `clean`. It shouldn't be needed.

Author: updated

> > **NOTE:** Putting secrets on the command line should ONLY be done for examples, do NOT do this in production. Instead, update the project's `application.yml`.

Reviewer: If you update the project's `application.yml` and check it into source control, that's not good either!

Author: agreed, rephrased it.
